But what you clearly said before was
The blue folder is handed over to the production.
The black folder is handed over to the second production department.
These are all to be sent to
Clothing samples from different regions
Can I make a mistake as a supervisor?
I testify
What the deputy supervisor said is
Give the black folder to the production one.
The blue folder is handed over to the second production department.
You must have got it wrong.
I heard it clearly
Do something wrong and dare not admit it
I also want to put the blame on the supervisor
I don't even know how you passed the interview
It must be the face
A high school diploma like yours
How can you remember to buy us world-weary?
Don't stab me in the cage then
You want us to wipe your butt?
Hey, it's good to be beautiful.
What you want, go to bed and get it
How are you like us?
For static electricity
I don't know how many nights I stayed up working on the design draft
How did I get into the world-weary group in the first place?
Naturally for a resume interview
The entry process is open and transparent
If you have any questions
You can check with personnel.
With your degree
It's just not in the hands of personnel
You even have the audacity to say that from the regular
Channels come in, you are ridiculous
That only means
The anorexia group is a group that values individual ability
It's not about qualifications.
I can enter the company
It shows that my ability is recognized by the company.
If you don't believe me
I can share my history
I'll show you the design draft
I am said to be a dozen before today
Just became a supervisor
I usually see that my brother-in-law is wearing help.
Gu Qingqing
I'm talking to you now about the file.
Don't change the subject